don't hide the crowns loud they're
behind ya
try making weight still what they wanted
to see that the Kyle Bolin going you
guys one more time
I want to thank VBR motorsports fly
field shear Scott goggles my mom and dad
are MC Motorsports Kettlecorn machine
everyone that's kid behind me let me do
this 5050 media again Kyle : calm and
help me out make sure she doesn't fall
apart
alright so it's finally over hundred and
eight
six inches went about 125 feet and
practice felt pretty good a little bit
windier during the game you're in the
show but the DVR perimeter frame held up
the new swing arm held up feel good
can't wait to set another record whether
it be break my own record or if somebody
steps up it breaks it ready I'm ready to
go I don't know what the limit is right
now I'm assuming I can maybe do you want
them or do you want me
I'd be sweet I'd be a showing herself
right there Thanks
stay tuned with this jump and all the
other footage we got from all the other
great riders around here
- I should be awesome